Update 2 planned enhancements (#263)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F14b-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

   1. Delete the `data/contactmate.json` file.
   2. Launch the app.<br>
       Expected: The app should show a list of sample persons.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**

> 1. **Standardise uppercase for NRIC displayed in the person card:** If using lowercase NRIC when adding elderly: `add i/s5305394G n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 c/7`, it is displayed as `s5305394G` in the person card (no change in case). We plan to standardise the displayed NRIC to be in uppercase in the person card for easier reading for users: `S5305394G`.

Reviewer: Oh and need to include team size if I'm not wrong

as per
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7584cf07-6b5a-4554-97c6-3cdc107b54f4)

   1. Delete the `data/contactmate.json` file.
   2. Launch the app.<br>
       Expected: The app should show a list of sample persons.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**
Team size: 5

1. **Standardise uppercase for NRIC displayed in the person card:** If using lowercase NRIC when adding elderly: `add i/s5305394G n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 c/7`, it is displayed as `s5305394G` in the person card (no change in case). We plan to standardise the displayed NRIC to be in uppercase in the person card for easier reading for users: `S5305394G`.

> 2. **Accept more possible characters for name field:** The current constraint for the name field is alphanumeric characters and spaces which could be too restrictive if users want to add elderly with names that include other special characters (e.g. `João da Silva` or `Arjun Singh s/o Vijay Singh`). We plan to include common characters used in names such as diacritics (e.g. `ç`, `ñ`, `é`, `ü`), punctuation and symbols (e.g. `-`, `'`, `.`, `/`),  extended Latin characters (e.g. `ø`, `å`, `ð`), Chinese characters (e.g. `陈`, `小`, `明`) and Tamil characters (e.g.`ர`, `ஜ`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Accept more possible characters for name field:** The current constraint for the name field is alphanumeric characters and spaces which could be too restrictive if users want to add elderly with names that include other special characters (e.g. `João da Silva` or `Arjun Singh s/o Vijay Singh`). We plan to relax this constraint so that other characters that are commonly used in names are allowed. A non-exhaustive list of characters that will be allowed after this enhancement consists of diacritics (e.g. `ç`, `ñ`, `é`, `ü`), punctuation and symbols (e.g. `-`, `'`, `.`, `/`),  extended Latin characters (e.g. `ø`, `å`, `ð`), Chinese characters (e.g. `陈`, `小`, `明`) and Tamil characters (e.g.`ர`, `ஜ`).
```

I think its better to phrase it this way, as currently, it sounds like we are explicitly including all the characters

Reviewer 2: Agreed with zen's suggestion
